README.md, before:

# osu-stats-signature

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/solstice23/osu-stats-signature?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/solstice23/osu-stats-signature/blob/master/LICENSE) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/solstice23/osu-stats-signature?color=ff69b4&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/solstice23/osu-stats-signature/stargazers) [![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/solstice23/osu-stats-signature?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/solstice23/osu-stats-signature/commits/master)

## 简介

osu-stats-signature 可以生成实时更新的 osu! 个人资料卡片/签名档。生成的卡片为 SVG，可用于个人主页。

## 使用

该项目部署在 Vercel 上，前往 [osu-stats-signature.vercel.app](https://osu-stats-signature.vercel.app) 生成卡片。

将得到的卡片 SVG 地址作为图片插入到个人主页中即可。

## 功能 & TODO

- [x] 获取 osu! 账号信息并生成卡片
- [x] 获取并显示头像和用户背景图片
- [x] 支持背景图片高斯模糊
- [x] 过渡动画
- [x] 显示 Supporter Tag
- [x] 英文版卡片
- [x] Mini 卡片
- [x] 缓存机制
- [ ] 生成个人 bp (最佳成绩) 卡片
- [ ] 生成单个成绩详情卡片

# 预览

## Full

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=mrekk&mode=std&lang=en&animation=true" width="550" /></a>

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21226378/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=solstice23&mode=std&animation=true" width="550" /></a>

### With osu!skills chart

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=mrekk&mode=std&lang=en&animation=true&skills=true&hue=255" width="550" /></a>

## Mini

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21226378/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=solstice23&mode=std&blur=6&animation=true&mini=true" width="400" /></a>

Commit message:

translate README.md to English

README.md, after:

# osu-stats-signature

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/solstice23/osu-stats-signature?color=blue&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/solstice23/osu-stats-signature/blob/master/LICENSE) [![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/solstice23/osu-stats-signature?color=ff69b4&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/solstice23/osu-stats-signature/stargazers) [![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/solstice23/osu-stats-signature?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/solstice23/osu-stats-signature/commits/master)

## Introduction

osu-stats-signature can generate real-time updated osu! profile card/signature file. The generated cards are SVG and can be used on personal homepages.

## Usage

The project is deployed on Vercel, go to [osu-stats-signature.vercel.app](https://osu-stats-signature.vercel.app) to generate the card.

Just insert the obtained card SVG address into your personal homepage as an image.

## FUNCTION & TODO

- [x] Get osu! account information and generate cards
- [x] Get and display avatar and user background image
- [x] Support background image Gaussian blur
- [x] Transition animation
- [x] Show Supporter Tag
- [x] English version of the card
- [x] Mini Card
- [x] Caching mechanism
- [ ] Generate personal bp (best score) cards
- [ ] Generate a single score detail card

# Preview

## Full

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=mrekk&mode=std&lang=en&animation=true" width="550" /></a>

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21226378/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=solstice23&mode=std&animation=true" width="550" /></a>

### With osu!skills chart

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7562902/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=mrekk&mode=std&lang=en&animation=true&skills=true&hue=255" width="550" /></a>

## Mini

<a href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/21226378/"><img src="https://osu-sig.vercel.app/card?user=solstice23&mode=std&blur=6&animation=true&mini=true" width="400" /></a>
